add fig 3 (#21)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/20.results.md

### Predicting Nationality with LSTM Neural Networks and Wikipedia

> We achieved a high overall accuracy on this test data with similar precision-recall values over the classes as we saw for our Wiki2019 dataset's test set, giving confidence in our model.

Reviewer: We should mention the average AUROC rather than accuracy. I think @arielah will output this value. Can do in subsequent PR.

Author: I haven't modified this section, but feel free to merge if a separate PR makes more sense.

We also tested the accuracy of the LSTM trained on the ethnicolr Wiki2009 dataset in predicting the labels for unseen names in our Wiki2019 dataset.
Importantly, this model did not achieve as high an accuracy as the model trained on Wiki2019 and tested on either dataset, suggesting our new, larger dataset was an improvement.

> ![The Wiki2019-LSTM model shows strong ability to predict all of the categories all the test data sets (all values for area under the ROC curve is above 94%).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The Wiki2019-LSTM model ranks the true nationality of Wikipedia names highly on testing data.
The area under the ROC curve is above 94% for each category, showing strong performance regardless of nationality.
```
